Rework BMW docs for new quality scale (#36083)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/bmw_connected_drive.markdown

  - sensor
  - switch
ha_integration_type: integration
---

The **BMW Connected Drive** {% term integration %} lets you retrieve data of your BMW or MINI vehicle from the MyBMW portal (previously BMW Connected Drive).

{% note %}
The {% term entities %} available in Home Assistant heavily depend on your vehicle's capabilities (model year, headunit, etc.). The integration will make sure all available car attributes are added as entities.
{% endnote %}

## Prerequisites

> You need to have an active MyBMW account with a connected car. For MINI vehicles, you register your with MINI Connected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need to have an active MyBMW account with a connected car. For MINI vehicles, you register with MINI Connected.
```

For compatibility with your BMW vehicle check the [bimmer_connected page](https://github.com/bimmerconnected/bimmer_connected) on GitHub.

{% include integrations/config_flow.md %}

{% configuration_basic %}
Username:
  description: |
    Username of your MyBMW/MINI Connected account.

    &nbsp;
    
    **China**: Your username/phone number must be prefixed with `86`, i.e. `8612345678`.
  required: true
  type: string
Password:
  description: "Password of your MyBMW/MINI Connected account."
  required: true
  type: string
Region:
  description: "Region of your MyBMW/MINI Connected account."
  required: true
  type: select
  options: china, north_america, rest_of_world
Captcha token (second step, only for North America and Rest of World):
  description: |

>     The **North America** and **Rest of World** regions require a captcha challenge to be solved, i.e. you need to verify that you are not a robot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The **North America** and **Rest of World** regions require a captcha challenge to be solved. For example, you need to verify that you are not a robot.
```

    - After entering your login data, a second step will ask for a `Captcha token` and provide you with a **link** to a website. 
    - Open this link, solve the **"Are you a human?"** challenge and press **Submit**.
    - Copy the resulting token into Home Assistant and continue.

    No data of your Home Assistant instance is shared with any third party during this step.
  required: true
  type: string
{% endconfiguration_basic %}

{% include integrations/option_flow.md %}

{% configuration_basic %}
Read-only:
  description: No execution of actions to the vehicle. You can only send POIs to the vehicle via `notify`.
{% endconfiguration_basic %}

## Data updates

The integration will pull data from MyBMW/MINI servers at the following intervals:

| Region        | Interval   |
|---------------|------------|
| China         | 5 minutes  |
| North America | 10 minutes |
| Rest of world | 5 minutes  |

{% note %}
This will only refresh data from the BMW/MINI servers and **not** from your car.

- Combustion engine cars typically only update data from car to server when the car is parked and the engine is shut off.

> - Electric vehicles typically only update while the vehicle is parked and turned off or while charging

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Electric vehicles typically only update while the vehicle is parked and turned off or while they are charging.
```

  - sensor
  - switch
ha_integration_type: integration
---

The **BMW Connected Drive** {% term integration %} lets you retrieve data of your BMW or MINI vehicle from the MyBMW portal (previously BMW Connected Drive).

{% note %}
The {% term entities %} available in Home Assistant heavily depend on your vehicle's capabilities (model year, headunit, etc.). The integration will make sure all available car attributes are added as entities.
{% endnote %}

## Prerequisites

You need to have an active MyBMW account with a connected car. For MINI vehicles, you register with MINI Connected.

For compatibility with your BMW vehicle check the [bimmer_connected page](https://github.com/bimmerconnected/bimmer_connected) on GitHub.

{% include integrations/config_flow.md %}

{% configuration_basic %}
Username:
  description: |
    Username of your MyBMW/MINI Connected account.

    &nbsp;
    
    **China**: Your username/phone number must be prefixed with `86`, i.e. `8612345678`.

>   required: true
>   type: string

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
removing these, as `required` and `type` are not displayed with the configuration_basic tag

Password:
  description: "Password of your MyBMW/MINI Connected account."

>   required: true
>   type: string

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Region:
  description: "Region of your MyBMW/MINI Connected account."

>   required: true
>   type: select

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

  options: china, north_america, rest_of_world
Captcha token (second step, only for North America and Rest of World):
  description: |
    The **North America** and **Rest of World** regions require a captcha challenge to be solved, that means you need to verify that you are not a robot.

    - After entering your login data, a second step will ask for a `Captcha token` and provide you with a **link** to a website. 
    - Open this link, solve the **"Are you a human?"** challenge and press **Submit**.
    - Copy the resulting token into Home Assistant and continue.

    No data of your Home Assistant instance is shared with any third party during this step.

>   required: true
>   type: string

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

- [Switches](/integrations/bmw_connected_drive/#switches): Display and toggle settings on your car.
- [Numbers](/integrations/bmw_connected_drive/#numbers): Display and control numeric charging related settings for (PH)EVs.

{% warning %}
Every platform except **binary sensors** and **sensors** can change the state of your vehicle. Once you change the state in Home Assistant, a command is sent to your car. 

&nbsp;

**Use with care!**
{% endwarning %}

### Notifications

> The **BMW Connected Drive** integration offers a notification action. Using this action you can send Points of Interest (POI) to your vehicle. In your vehicle you can select this POI and the navigation will automatically start using the POI as a destination.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **BMW Connected Drive** integration offers a notification action. Using this action you can send Points of Interest (POI) to your vehicle. In your vehicle, you can select this POI, and the navigation will automatically start using the POI as a destination.
```

- **AC Charging Limit**: The maximum current a vehicle will charge with. Not available on all EVs.

### Switches

If supported by your vehicle, you can display and toggle remote actions with start/stop functionality.

- **Climate**: Toggle vehicle climatization. It is not possible to force it to heat or cool; the vehicle will decide on its own. If turned on, it will run for 30 minutes (as if toggled via the MyBMW app).
- **Charging**: Toggle vehicle charging if plugged in. Only available on some electric vehicles.

### Numbers

If you have a (PH)EV, you can control the charging process through Home Assistant. The number entities are created automatically depending on your vehicle's capabilities and can be changed from the UI or using the `number.set_value` action. For more information, please see the [number documentation](/integrations/number/).

- **Target SoC**: Vehicle will charge until this battery level is reached. Not available on all EVs.

> ## Troubleshooting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Troubleshooting

```

- **AC Charging Limit**: The maximum current a vehicle will charge with. Not available on all EVs.

### Switches

If supported by your vehicle, you can display and toggle remote actions with start/stop functionality.

- **Climate**: Toggle vehicle climatization. It is not possible to force it to heat or cool; the vehicle will decide on its own. If turned on, it will run for 30 minutes (as if toggled via the MyBMW app).
- **Charging**: Toggle vehicle charging if plugged in. Only available on some electric vehicles.

### Numbers

If you have a (PH)EV, you can control the charging process through Home Assistant. The number entities are created automatically depending on your vehicle's capabilities and can be changed from the UI or using the `number.set_value` action. For more information, please see the [number documentation](/integrations/number/).

- **Target SoC**: Vehicle will charge until this battery level is reached. Not available on all EVs.

## Troubleshooting
{% details "Problem: Invalid authentication" %}

This can happen during initial login or after some time. Please do the following steps:

> - Log in to your MyBMW **website** and verify your credentials (i.e. ensure that username and password are correct).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Log in to your MyBMW **website** and verify your credentials (for example, ensure that username and password are correct).
```
following MS Style Guide, we [avoid e.g.](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/e/eg)

- If you cannot login on the website, please **deactivate** polling (see [Defining a custom polling interval](#defining-a-custom-polling-interval)) and wait for **at least 24 hours**.
- Once you can login to the website, reconfigure/reauthenticate the integration via {% my integrations title="**Settings** > **Devices & services**" %}, click {% icon "mdi:dots-vertical" %} and select **Reconfigure**.
- Activate polling again

{% enddetails %}

{% details "Problem: Captcha validation missing" %}

Sometimes, your account can be force-logged-out. For **North America** and **Rest of World**, the recovery requires manual intervention.

Home Assistant will show a repair issue to **reconfigure** the integration. Follow the steps to log in again.

{% enddetails %}

> ## Known limitations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Known limitations

```

> - The entities available to Home Assistant depend on your vehicle. Even inside the same model code (e.g. U11 for BMW X1) you will see different entities, depending on your specific car's features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The entities available to Home Assistant depend on your vehicle. Even inside the same model code (for example, U11 for BMW X1) you will see different entities, depending on your specific car's features.
```

- Not all features, mostly related to charging control for (PH)EVs, are implemented. If you have a functionality in your MyBMW/MINI app that is not yet available, search for an existing feature request in the [`bimmer_connected` discussions](https://github.com/bimmerconnected/bimmer_connected/discussions) or create a new one.

> ## Remove integration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Removing the integration
```
